Welcome back.
We saw a lot of theory on micro funding and now it's time to start implementing something.
Now, we have already seen what we are going to be implementing that.
That's the movie booking application.
So let me give you a quick overview of how the code has been structured.
Now it's mandatory that you have this project already cloned on your computer, and within this you
are going to be finding a folder called 11 MF Project Base.
So this is going to be our starting point.
You need to be either cloning this or doing the development within this folder itself.
Now, in my case, I replicated this folder and created another one in which the solution is going to
be for whatever we are discussing here.
So we have the 11.1 folder.
Now I really recommend to use the terminal of TV's code, since we are going to be having a lot of dummies
open up by the end of this section.
So what you can do here is you can just go on the top, say terminal and say new terminal to get the
terminal opened up.
You can also use Bru or your terminal on your Mac, whatever you're comfortable with.
But just remember that we are going to having a lot of terminals in the end.
Okay, so let's have this terminal open here.
And I'm going to be navigating to the folder 11.1.
And we need three applications that need to be started off for getting our project started.
So we are just going to be starting off with this MF Solar and we are then going to be starting off
this home based application.
And finally, the React component application.
Now, just to give you an overview of what's that in all of this folders, it's just a basic React application
that we created in the previous section.
We already saw how to be building a React application using Webpack.
So it follows exactly that structure.
Just to give you an overview.
Let's open up the details page application.
In here we have the SC folder.
Within this we have the components of example.
It just has one component here.
The details contained dot gsx.
And then we have some other bootstrapping files like the SAP dodgers and the index dodgers.
We already seen all of this when we had done the React application setup.
All right.
And regarding the Webpack configuration, I have also done all the basic Webpack configurations here.
So we got all the basic plug ins required, the input and the output part has been specified.
The dev server has been configured to start off.
We have all the ports configured here as well.
Now I've also made sure that we are using different ports for every application.
So for example, in this detailed page application it is 3001.
And if you just open up some of the application like this home page application, let's go to developer
config.
You can see it's like 3000 over here and it's going to be different for every single application.
So in the seed selection it is 3003.
Now if you are going to be using the same port, you're going to be seeing a conflict when you are going
to be starting off the application that the port is already being used.
So make sure that there's no other application using the same port and case that is, and you are not
able to stop that application.
You can just come to this configuration and change the port number.
Okay.
So with that said, let me close this off, minimize the things that we're not using for now.
Now, I'm going to be going to this folder.
So I'm going to be starting off the first application, which is the MF server.
So let's go to that folder, CD server.
And first of all, I need to be installing the dependencies by saying NPM install.
So this is the first time we are starting it off.
So we need to do that because the dependencies installed now AC and PM run dev.
So this is going to be starting of ourselves.
We can see that the application started on port number double five, double five.
To make sure that things are looking, you can just go to your browser and we only have this open here
and I can just refresh this and on localhost port double, double, five slash movies, I get all the
data regarding the movies.
Okay, let's go back.
Let's get our second application running to start up multiple terminals in voice code.
You can just click on this plus button here and we have the other terminal opened up again.
I'm going to be navigating to the same folder 11.1.
And in this I have my folder.
Called as home page application.
So I go to the homepage app and again we do the NPM installations since this is the first time.
And then we see NPM run dev.
I'm sorry, this is NPM run server, so I've sort of configured it a little bit differently here.
Okay.
So that is done.
And we can see that the server or the application has started on board number 3000.
We have the quick booking component loaded here and no more regards for now, but soon we are going
to be developing that as well.
Okay, let's go back to our voice code and get our third application running.
Okay.
So again, we click on the last button, go to the new application folder, CD, LAMB Point one, and
then we go to the application called as React component.
So I'll type in React component.
And then we say again, NPM installation.
Okay.
Got all of those things installed and I say again and pm run, serve.
So it's starting of this hour on board 3002.
And you can see that it has a couple of components.
So we got like the movie card component.
So this is what we're going to be using into our main application right here.
So they'll load the card here.
So this is where it's going to be loaded.
Then we got a couple of button components so you can see some cool looking buttons here, which are
also going to be using.
So I really like this one particular.
And we also got another thing called typography.
So in this, we have different kind of styles which you can be using.
And finally, we have like a dropdown component as well.
Okay.
So we're going to be using a couple of these, not probably all of them.
I just wanted to show like, how can your component library look like and how you can be exporting those
components?
So for that reason, I have a lot of components here, but we are going to be using a couple of them,
so you'll get the idea about it.
Okay.
So just make sure that you have all these three applications running for now.
We are not going to be starting of the other two for now.
Just keep this tree ready.
See, how do we connecting these among each other?
And then we'll see the other two.
And then we start of the other do so as well.
Now, it's really important that you sort of remain organized using your terminals.
So just to give you a quick overview for switching between the terminals, you can just click here and
switch between the terminals.
And over here to show you the application that's running.
So it shows all MF Solar.
This is the homepage application and this is the React Components application.
So we are going to be starting and stopping this.
So a couple of times.
So just make sure that, you know, you are comfortable navigating around with this terminals.
Okay.
So that's about it.
We got our three applications running on three different ports.
Nothing is really connected among each other.
But we are going to be getting everything connected soon in the upcoming videos.